hey
i gave you 10 years to live your life
[Music]
now you see me rise and where did that
get you
walked in my shadow
i trained you
see the most dangerous people in the
world
couldn't kill you
son it's time for you to take your place
by my side
[Music]
you can't out run
who you really are
who are you
[Applause]
okay hold on everybody
we make a good team
hey you okay there
jesus i think i hurt someone
this is ed warren here with lorraine all
right let's get started
residents of brookfield were shocked
this afternoon by the broad daylight
murder of bruno sauls
the court accepts the existence of god
every time a witness swears to tell the
truth
i think it's about time they accept the
existence of the devil
whatever was going on whatever happened
that day that was not ernie
it's a witch's totem we think your
family was
cursed and that connection is still
broken
i'm only interested in reality
but i can see things that your people
can't
[Music]
something terrible happened here
a master satanist is not an adversary to
be taken likely
she's doing it again
she's reaching out to the darkness
lori you need to come back is saving him
worth everything you have
because that's what it may very well
cost
the right
[Music]
first time i fell in love
woke up next to the girl
[Music]
and escaped fast and far
the man has changed me
am i seeing her is obvious
what she sees in me
hmm that's a little more puzzling
one two three four so may we stop
there she is
this is my baby
[Music]
excuse me
is nothing sacred to you
what's your problem
[Music]
everything will be all right
thank you for bidding on me in the
auction i am so flattered that somebody
your age would be a fan of my work i
don't know who the hell you are
my ex really wanted to meet you so he
bit how much 22.
2200 that's fantastic 22
it started at 20 and then it went up in
50 cent increments
i'm a comedy writer all right guys very
funny stuff i also
write for broadway and movies why is
your face suddenly bigger than it was
before oh my god are you allergic to
seafood oh my god
she doesn't have insurance and she
really shouldn't be leaving here by
herself
your daughter is going to be fine my why
did you tell the doctor that i was your
father
i was a little loopy by then are you
doing anything right now
no one have some laughs come on queen
smile girl smile
marilyn monroe from the seven year rich
i beat you too if i had hot subway or
blowing up my ass
doctor thanks for seeing me so late
how's the writing going it's all of
these young kids
in the tradition of george carlin and
richard pryor somebody's got to talk to
roger about his inflections
come on sub peanut what is that a very
small peanut
are you doing what you talked about i
try not to vary my routine you have
medicines to help you i was backed up
for like eight days and you can always
give yourself an enema
i'm saving that for my birthday
who are they that's my family if they're
your family why do you have their names
written down
charlie you can't be alone anymore if
you ever need my help i'm here
i'm writing something and i have to
finish before my words run out
i'll take care of them may ask what your
relationship is i don't know i don't
know
[Music]
[Applause]
do you live here i'm his friend but your
dad needs you right now
i mean this young woman is full of
surprises this is no time for jokes
it's the perfect time for jokes you
funny old man
everybody needs somebody
[Music]
i want to have fun i want to laugh i
want to not be scared
and i want to write the book and i want
to do all of that with you
hell yeah everybody needs somebody
whoa huh i didn't want for this to
happen that this it didn't happen
your little frail body would not be able
to handle all these groceries i'll break
your back then you die
can't have it
[Music]
one that agrees about more than it
doesn't put it on your kwanzaa tree
no such thing lots of wins
like hard work
[Music]
love
being a good neighbor
i know it's easy to get caught up in the
fearless situation
i know it's easy to point the finger
and fear each other but can we all just
take a breath
please hold off on being enemies all i'm
asking
is that yet be a good neighbor
like mr rogers with guns though with
guns yes
[Music]
oh mom i gotta go yo yo what's up
yo
what's up thanks for tuning in and
checking out this video
yo why is my existence so lit
hashtag room food that's that cocktail
let's take this pineapple life
[Music]
regulation height for hoot is like 10
feet i keep mine at seven
you know why i got a small penis
[Music]
i've been getting it all wrong like i'm
no one special man
look at all the comments look at the
views
i think he's being metaphorical because
we don't want to put the cart before the
horse
right to use another metaphor in that
metaphor to explain that one
we're about to go stratospheric
my name's harvey newell russell i'm the
new math science teacher
the football coach we take survival if
we don't they'll never make it on the
outside
thing about football is it teaches
teamwork and discipline and those are
key elements to survival the way i see
it you can either work the field
but play the field hell sounds good to
me i'm
in might as well okay
ready set
this is going to be even more work than
you imagine
today we're going up against the team
it's won two state championships
stay down in the dirt where you belong
loser orphan that's a funny formation
it's your new offense playing up a
courtyard directly behind ap for the
snap what position does that make me
coach
we'll call you the quarterback this is
how we're going to beat the bigger teams
we don't have the size so we got to
utilize what we do have
speed we finally got a team
might as well call in them mighty mice
[Applause]
every second that they're on the field
we're losing money
[Music]
what are you going to stand up for these
children and do what's right
monitor we have a chance to make a real
difference here
they're gonna want you to win
everybody's gonna be behind the team
with nothing
just like them
it's hard to believe when all we've
known is hurt
and lost i look at you boys and i can
honestly say i'm proud to be an orphan
and you'll feel the same way if you can
believe in yourselves
and believe in each other
one two three five
[Music]
in 1974 mickey adams sold over 70
million records
by 1975 he was off the grid a ghost and
now
he haunts me because
no one seems to know how to get rid of
him
i managed mickey adams he's a big crazy
baby
i am nuts this is his latest cd he calls
doors 10 minutes of a refrigerator
opening and closing
go up to montecito and drop him
that old man is completely out of his
skull
mr adams you really need to sign the
contract
i'm not going anywhere until you do
i was just breitlier's pride it's good
so he signed it
i take it you're aware that your table
is melting
sure tonight the walls are on fire
you bet you signed it yeah you drugged
me you gave me something
i'm an artist i came from nothing you
want to dump me
the sound of doors opening and closing
isn't art there is nothing
more evocative than the sound of doors
opening and closing nothing more hopeful
nothing more final
[Music]
let me ask you something
how would you feel if everybody thinks
you're a genius and then one day they
decide that you're not
that you're over
mickey adams didn't think he had
anything left to say but he does and i
know it
my life seems to be veering off
somewhere
do you know how long it's been since i
played
anything i'm gonna ride ahead
i think you are very quickly becoming my
best friend
[Music]
between love and hate faith
and fear life
and death music is the space between
[Music]
um
is
all your cases
power
uh
[Music]
[Applause]
i can only hope to make some great
discovery here
that will bring credit to my family's
name
well they have it pirates
do you come on behalf of england
might i be allowed to grow up
we are on a voyage of discovery not
conquest
[Music]
prince makota you'll land us your guns
and bring them up river
fire
these rebels are pirates rakota lied to
me
stop i finally found a home
and there'll be no more taking of slaves
english man you do not rule here
[Music]
to have peace we must make war
this pretending to be king is just too
much we don't belong here
i've been living in a fantasy of my own
making
this is war
you can't run from this james
[Music]
i must love the jungle the beauty
and the blood
[Music]
this is benny made just for you
as long as you have him by your side
nothing can ever hurt you
not even a demons in the hallway
apart from them
[Music]
my story begins when i turned 35.
jack the company want foreclosure on the
loan
repossess your house
i have to get this finished lots of
people are saying you're already
finished
[Music]
if you bought this tape you're a loser
it's time to let go of the past
do not fear change embrace it
haha
he doesn't feel pity in your remorse
we absolutely will not stop
until you are dead
[Music]
me
and he loves you